Where have you been?
Taking a walk.
By yourself?
Who else would I be with?
What's that?
Just a sketch.
Show me.
May I take one?
Beer?
That's rare.
Tomorrow we'll know…
if this was all worth it or not…
when we get Cate back.
A week.
or a month.
there's still a good chance
Cate would be alive.
But it's been two years.
It may not be two years.
What does that mean?
What if.
time doesn't work the same way there?
What if a year can pass in a day?
Why would you believe something like that?
After G-Day.
when I disappeared for that year.
I told you this before.
but I went to Alaska.
to prove my parents' theories.
There.
I found a rift.
You went in…
It was a day.
two days at most…
when I finally came out. in Africa.
it was a year later.
Why did you hide this until now?
I wanted to protect you and…
I didn't want you to follow me.
But we've had this time.
Working together in this mad place--
I was happy.
Thanks to you.
I got that year back.
Kentaro.
I know you're in a lot of pain.
But no matter who's to blame.
fighting won't bring your father back.
We'll leave first.
Dr. Suzuki.
Dr. Randa.
Welcome.
Table for two?
- Yes.
- Right this way.
Isn't this Sota's place?
What happened?
You mean the previous owner?
He sold it about a year ago. but…
I think you'll really like it here too.
- Welcome.
- Whiskey.
Do you have whiskey?
We have…blue raspberry whiskey sours?
Okay. but without the blue raspberry.
LIVE - BREAKING NEWS
Dr. Suzuki… please…
I'm sorry. Dr. Randa. but…
the cost of doing nothing is too great.
Thank god you're here. I was so worried.
Are you okay?
Thank goodness.
You're okay?